hey YouTube I just wanted to come on and
share a quick video about my experience
with having starter locks in having a
fitness regimen in particular for me I
am working on training for my first ever
triathlon I first got bitten by the
fitness bug a couple of years ago when I
started on a weight-loss journey and one
of the things that I worked on was
cycling I really enjoyed riding my bike
and I found that it was the one activity
that I could do for extended periods of
time and not become horribly fatigued
and one day I've gone out for a ride and
realized that I had rode ten miles in
one hour and I was really impressed with
that and so I thought maybe I'm strong
enough to actually ride it in a race and
so last year I signed up for my first
organized ride and that was for diabetes
awareness it was a 50k ride which is 35
miles and after I got done I have such a
sense of accomplishment so fast forward
to this year I really wanted to try
doing a triathlon however I will say
that I had no intention of doing the
running and the swimming part of the
triathlon I was going to try to find two
friends to do with me so that we could
do it as a relay race and I couldn't
find anybody um I had a friend of a
friend that was a swimmer but she wasn't
available that date and then my friend
that was the runner was like yeah I'm
not really that good and so I said you
know what I'm gonna do this myself so I
got a triathlon coach her name is Andrea
hearth I will make sure to put a link to
her contact info below you're in
southeastern Wisconsin and Andrea has
really been instrumental in helping me
correct my swim mechanics helping me
learn how to dig deep when it comes to
my jogging and my power walking and just
been an overall great encouragement for
me but when it comes to locks and it
comes to this triathlon training it
requires me to be in the pool two times
a week and I just got my starter locks
installed now a week ago and I'm
why y'all when I first got the twist
installed I set my coach to text message
and I was like good I know we supposed
to be swimming on Tuesday but that's not
laughing because my twists are still
looking real fresh and cute and I did
not want to get them all chlorinated but
eventually by I think Wednesday I was
back into the pool again out of
necessity really and so I wanted to
share some quick tips for women that
have and men that have starter locs and
what you can do when it comes to
swimming and exercise and protecting
your hair so the first thing is to make
sure you're saturating your hair with
water before you get into the pool my
hair is very porous it sucks up
everything really quickly and so I want
to saturate it with clean old basic
water before I get into the pool before
I get all that chlorine that's in there
when I come out of the pool and then
rinse my hair thoroughly with warm water
to get the chlorine out and then I put
on it what I call is my little snack
pack
first I spritz it with a mix of just
water and a basic good oils your your
olive oil your castor or whatever you
want to mix on up in there is great so
water and oil base spritzing that all
over and then I emulsify some coconut
oil I packed this little baggie I throw
it in my swim bag and Mull safai that
and run it through my hair and then
lastly I finish it up with some olive
oil smoothing that on I just got out of
the pool maybe thirty five minutes ago
so my hair is still somewhat damp and I
need to go through that whole routine of
putting those oils and restoring some of
that sealed in moisture back into my
hair so I hope that that is helpful to
you if you're on a fitness journey I'd
love to hear about it my triathlon is
going to be in August it's a sprint
tribe which means I'm going to be doing
a half mile swim a swell mile ride
and a 5k so 3.2 mile run which is really
gonna be more like a power walk slash
shuffle slash job for me if I'm keeping
it all the way real so thanks for
watching and I hope you all have a great
weekend bye